hello to all the boys and propellers
welcome to my unboxing then
we are here with my brand new keyboard
ladakhi shine 3 this keyboard is
completely mechanical but without losing
time we go right away in fact ad
open it and savor its appearance
so here it is a real one
wonder but that stuff
then we remove the plastic and admire
the most closely
here it is
that of true certain wonder
it is not has nothing like the keyboards of
other brands that in short all full
of colors screens etcetera etc. no
this instead and from the very expert
simple but they did not spare
minimally in product quality
let's go and see what else we have
here then we have books
booklet with instructions in language
I don't know Korean , though
wait then let's see here not rich
here is something more
understandable
then we should the guarantee be
but here too everything is a village language
it is not clear
oh well then let's go see some
so what we have as accessories
let's see if we have the usb cable
hands slipping a usb cable
then we have this here serves to pull you
to the keyboard keys
then we have a space bar of
change if we change
the current one and finally we have gods
wasd keys in case we wanted to change them
put these reds on or give me now
a moment the time the system is on
all and then I'll show you a little
keyboard in function guys then how
you know this keyboard or maybe you don't
you know anyway this keyboard is
completely backlit though
now backlighting
off but backlighting ea
let's say various options this evening
backlight and now I will make you
see a couple of these options
therefore the first is this you see
they just lit up by sting
then there is the second one that illuminates i
keys
directional in short and then we see a little
we also have
let's see what this splinter a
key not such as this union
function and therefore not ok so so
we have the keyboard completely
illuminated we can adjust the
brightness so
very strong on the weak
ok then let's see some more
options
let's see this here is pretty much it
maybe he thinks it looks as good as it does now
and I'll show you practically the
brightness goes and comes and then rises and
it lowers we can change the speed
where this happens you see ok then
we have another way this
it's a bit if I can change it I can
slow it down
practically a kind of honda
which runs from left to right
then we see another ok this way
snake mode is like snake
there was in the old nokia phones we can
increase the speed of the snake
we can lower it then we see a little
another mode of the back
customer lighting always question
nothing special as a mode
let's see this here and create type
monde that expands Venetian of you that
tito write she knows that cool stuff
then let's see if we give up another one
I know how many are I approve of
movilli let's see this and create
in short, lighting in the only one
line in which we are going to press the
key and see if there is another one in
theories there should be another one
only I still haven't understood how
activating it should be another one
of modality that allows us to
select which key interests us
illuminate and which not
as I know you put the case you play ad
a game where you are interested in the keys
wasat and you are interested in other keys
details you can light them only
that at the moment I don't know how to do it
so we are a bit squashed
another key we hope this a bit with
this is only going to turn off and on
these keys here so nothing else
particular keys
at the moment it is not one
okay i would say kids for that
unboxing is everything I have nothing else to do with you
see apart from that mode there that
but I don't know how to activate it then I have to
to study the booklet well in short
anything
so guys hope this is mine
unboxing let's say so there is amateur
liked it is nothing special I know
but I like a bit in short I like it
in short, visiting is fine
thanks for watching this video e
goodbye see you soon